examples/lastrev-next-starter-pnpm/README.md, before:

# TODO

[x] Implement 404 for non generated pages
[x] Deploy to Vercel
[x] Deploy Storybook to Vercel
[x] Implement Sitemap
[x] Implement Robots
[x] Implement CSP policies
[x] Implement GraphQL preview endpoint
[x] Implement Preview
[x] Implement Content Redirect
[ ] Implement Test pipeline
[ ] Implement E2E pipeline
[ ] Implement Chromatic pipeline
[] Implement path resolution for href
[] Implement Custom 404
[] Implement theme on Storybook
[] Implement Analytics
[] Implement Contentful Sidekick
[] Implement Live Editor and other UIEs
[] Implement Theme api endpoint
[] Implement \_error page
[] Implement Algolia
[] Implement path v2 resolution

## Components

[] Block
[] Hero
[] Link
[] Text
[] Media
[] Page

# LastRev starter

This is an official Starter by LastRev with multiple meta-frameworks all working in harmony and sharing packages.

This example also shows how to use [Workspace Configurations](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/configuring-workspaces).

## Using this example

Run the following command:

```sh
npx create-turbo@latest -e kitchen-sink
```

## What's inside?

This repo includes the following packages and apps:

### Apps and Packages

- `web`: a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) app
- `ui`: a complete React UI library for displaying content
- `scripts`: Jest and ESLint configurations
- `tsconfig`: tsconfig.json's used throughout the monorepo

Each package and app is 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

### Utilities

This LastRev has some additional tools already setup for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io) test runner for all things JavaScript
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting

Commit message:

Feature/grid block (#676)
* Update imports and bring last core components

* Update more imports

* Patch @mui/system

* Add Grid and update Block

* Update lockfile

* Collection, Block and Card updates

* Collection and Block grid more improvements

* Convert everything to container queries

examples/lastrev-next-starter-pnpm/README.md, after:

# TODO

[x] Implement 404 for non generated pages
[x] Deploy to Vercel
[x] Deploy Storybook to Vercel
[x] Implement Sitemap
[x] Implement Robots
[x] Implement CSP policies
[x] Implement GraphQL preview endpoint
[x] Implement Preview
[x] Implement Content Redirect
[ ] Create Grid documentation and working with Block, Collection
[ ] Implement Test pipeline
[ ] Implement E2E pipeline
[ ] Implement Chromatic pipeline
[] Implement path resolution for href
[] Implement Custom 404
[] Implement theme on Storybook
[] Implement Analytics
[] Implement Contentful Sidekick
[] Implement Live Editor and other UIEs
[] Implement Theme api endpoint
[] Implement \_error page
[] Implement Algolia
[] Implement path v2 resolution
[] Implement Localization

## Components

[] Block
[] Hero
[] Link
[] Text
[] Media
[] Page

# LastRev starter

This is an official Starter by LastRev with multiple meta-frameworks all working in harmony and sharing packages.

This example also shows how to use [Workspace Configurations](https://turbo.build/repo/docs/core-concepts/monorepos/configuring-workspaces).

## Using this example

Run the following command:

```sh
npx create-turbo@latest -e kitchen-sink
```

## What's inside?

This repo includes the following packages and apps:

### Apps and Packages

- `web`: a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) app
- `ui`: a complete React UI library for displaying content
- `scripts`: Jest and ESLint configurations
- `tsconfig`: tsconfig.json's used throughout the monorepo

Each package and app is 100% [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/).

### Utilities

This LastRev has some additional tools already setup for you:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for static type checking
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io) test runner for all things JavaScript
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) for code formatting
