{"metadata":{"tags":[]},"sys":{"space":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Space","id":"eojhq1xf4v9y"}},"type":"Entry","id":"3D7xTAFaToiaRhXPPy3K5s","contentType":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"ContentType","id":"blog"}},"revision":1,"createdAt":"2023-11-15T20:59:37.438Z","updatedAt":"2023-11-22T00:10:52.733Z","environment":{"sys":{"id":"master","type":"Link","linkType":"Environment"}}},"fields":{"title":{"en-US":"TA Realty Appoints Allison ORourke and David Buxbaum as Partners"},"parentPage":{"en-US":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Entry","id":"5m7EU5dfbWwaU6NnuYv0BP"}}},"slug":{"en-US":"ta-realty-appoints-allison-orourke-and-david-buxbaum-as-partners"},"pubDate":{"en-US":"2023-09-27"},"body":{"en-US":{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"value":"BOSTON (September 27, 2023)","nodeType":"text"},{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":" – TA Realty LLC, a provider of real estate investment management services to U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors, is pleased to announce that Allison O’Rourke and Dave Buxbaum have been promoted to Partner.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"O’Rourke and Buxbaum have positively contributed to TA Realty’s growth and culture during their respective tenures and have been instrumental in advancing the firm’s investment strategies. Both play leading roles in TA Realty’s data center program. Together, they are helping to oversee the development of the firm’s approximately $2 billion secure data center campus in the heart of Loudoun County, Virginia, which is home to one of the largest concentrations of data centers in the world.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"TA Realty views its data center platform as a significant growth vehicle and has focused on investing in and developing hyperscale sites in core markets across the United States. Its data center portfolio currently comprises three properties totaling 950 megawatts and over 235 acres across Northern Virginia and Chicago. As Partners, O’Rourke and Buxbaum will continue to lead the way in further scaling TA Realty’s data center portfolio and overseeing the firm’s asset management and marketing functions in this asset class. ","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"“Ali and Dave are consummate professionals who routinely go above and beyond to deliver exceptional results for the firm and our valued clients,” said Michael Haggerty, Managing Partner at TA Realty. “Their promotions are well deserved and a result of their leadership qualities, track records and success in building out our data center capabilities – a strategic firm initiative. We look forward to continuing to benefit from their expertise as we grow our data center program.”","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"O’Rourke has spent her 25-year career working exclusively in the financial services industry. Prior to joining TA Realty in 2019 as a Vice President, she served as Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer at Berkshire Bank. Previously, O’Rourke was a Managing Director, Global Corporate Client Group at NYSE Euronext. She started her career as an equity market maker with Goldman Sachs. Notably, she served on the Board of the Data Center Coalition and is a Founding Member of the ULI Data Center Product Council. O’Rourke graduated from Smith College with a B.A. in Economics and Religious Studies and received an M.B.A. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"Buxbaum has more than 30 years of experience working in the real estate and financial services industries. He joined TA Realty in 2007 as a Dispositions Officer and has steadily risen through the firm’s ranks working in various roles. Prior to joining TA Realty, Buxbaum served as a Vice President, Regional Manager at AMB Property Corporation. He started his career as a Certified Public Accountant at Ernst & Young and remains a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Buxbaum graduated from the University of Vermont with a B.S. in Business Administration and received an M.B.A. from the Olin School of Business at Babson College.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"}],"nodeType":"document"}},"disableBackToTop":{"en-US":false},"seo":{"en-US":{"title":{"name":"title","value":"TA Realty Appoints Allison ORourke and David Buxbaum as Partners"}}}}}