{"metadata":{"tags":[]},"sys":{"space":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Space","id":"eojhq1xf4v9y"}},"type":"Entry","id":"3Pk1UWcDufdr4HAHGaBnrc","contentType":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"ContentType","id":"blog"}},"revision":2,"createdAt":"2023-11-15T16:28:11.385Z","updatedAt":"2023-11-27T13:01:57.106Z","environment":{"sys":{"id":"master","type":"Link","linkType":"Environment"}}},"fields":{"title":{"en-US":"TA Realty Announces Strategic Hires "},"parentPage":{"en-US":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Entry","id":"5m7EU5dfbWwaU6NnuYv0BP"}}},"slug":{"en-US":"ta-realty-announces-strategic-hires"},"pubDate":{"en-US":"2020-08-03"},"body":{"en-US":{"nodeType":"document","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"BOSTON (August 3, 2020)","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}},{"nodeType":"text","value":" – TA Realty LLC, a leading provider of real estate investment management services to U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors, today announced that it has appointed Lisa Strope as Vice President, Research and Laura McLaughlin as Vice President, Human Resources. These strategic hires serve to support the firm’s continued growth by attracting top talent and providing its global capital relationships with even deeper property market and sector-specific insights.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Based in Boston, Mses. Strope and McLaughlin will work closely with senior leadership to advance key business priorities and develop new initiatives to enhance the firm’s capabilities. Ms. Strope will partner with the firm’s investment and portfolio management teams to develop actionable research insights leading to better risk-adjusted investment outcomes for investors.  In her role, Ms. McLaughlin will oversee TA Realty’s human resources strategies, programs, practices, and policies with a focus on driving talent acquisition retention and diversity.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"“The creation of these new roles reflects the continued evolution of the firm and reinforce our commitment to providing our valued clients and employees with the best possible experiences,” said TA Realty Managing Partner James Raisides. “Organizing these core functions under the oversight of two highly experienced professionals in Lisa and Laura creates greater efficiencies and ensures that we – and by extension our clients – are benefiting from the latest best practices.”","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Prior to joining TA Realty, Ms. Strope was Vice President, Director of Research and Strategy at JLL (NYSE: JLL) where she analyzed market fundamentals and trends across niche property sectors. Before this, Ms. Strope served as a teaching fellow at Harvard Business School where she focused on the study of investment trends in real estate. Throughout her distinguished career, Ms. Strope has held research, development and marketing roles at Keystone Development Group, Marcus & Millichap and Flad & Associates Architecture.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"TA Realty Managing Partner Michael Haggerty stated, “Lisa and Laura bring to the firm a wealth of knowledge and experience in their respective disciplines. We are fortunate to have them join our team and look forward to leveraging their insights and recommendations to strengthen our research and talent acquisition capabilities. We are excited about our potential in these areas as we continue to move the business forward.”","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Ms. McLaughlin comes to TA Realty from LEGACY Global Sports, a youth sports event and management firm with more than 700 employees, where she served as Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer. In this role, she managed the company’s human resources operations including enhancing, streamlining, and building out its compensation, benefits, and employee engagement functions. Prior to this, she was Vice President, Senior Talent Advisor at Liberty Mutual Insurance. Ms. McLaughlin has also held positions at Interactive Marketing, Starwood Hotels & Resorts and Hyatt Hotels and Resorts.","marks":[],"data":{}}]}]}},"disableBackToTop":{"en-US":false},"seo":{"en-US":{"title":{"name":"title","value":"TA Realty Announces Strategic Hires "},"description":{"name":"description","value":"Appoints Lisa Strope as Vice President, Research and Laura McLaughlin as Vice President, Human Resources"}}}}}