{"metadata":{"tags":[]},"sys":{"space":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Space","id":"eojhq1xf4v9y"}},"type":"Entry","id":"7D5pDeMb11enquFeJdrye5","contentType":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"ContentType","id":"text"}},"revision":4,"createdAt":"2023-10-24T21:17:37.415Z","updatedAt":"2023-12-12T14:51:20.446Z","environment":{"sys":{"id":"master","type":"Link","linkType":"Environment"}}},"fields":{"internalTitle":{"en-US":"Text - Terms & Conditions"},"variant":{"en-US":"Thin"},"align":{"en-US":"Default"},"body":{"en-US":{"nodeType":"document","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"This website (the “Site”) is owned and operated by TA Realty and relates to TA Realty and its own strategies and services. As a condition of your use of the Site, you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms & Conditions or any applicable laws. Each time you access the Site, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions, which TA Realty reserves the right to modify at any time for any reason.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Your Use of this Site","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"TA Realty maintains this website for your personal use. Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the following Terms & Conditions. TA Realty reserves the right to update these Terms & Conditions at any time without notice to you. As a condition of your use of the Site, you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms & Conditions. By using this site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms & Conditions.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Information Only","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"The material on this Site is for informational purposes only. It does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation. The information and opinions presented on this Site have been prepared internally and/or obtained from sources which TA Realty believes to be reliable, however TA Realty does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such information. Opinions expressed, if any, reflect prevailing market conditions at the time this material was completed and are subject to change. ","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Investment in real estate is speculative and involves significant risk. For more information about certain of the material risks and limitations associated with TA Realty’s investment advisory products, strategies and services, please see TA Realty’s current Form ADV Part 2A brochure, which is available on the SEC’s Investment Adviser Public Disclosure website at ","marks":[],"data":{}},{"nodeType":"hyperlink","data":{"uri":"https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/firm/summary/108586"},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"https://adviserinfo.sec.gov/firm/summary/108586","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"text","value":". Investors should consider their investment objectives, and it is strongly suggested that the reader seek his or her own independent advice in relation to any investment, financial, legal, tax, accounting or regulatory risks and evaluate their own risk tolerance before investing.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Not an Offer","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Nothing contained on this Site shall constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to sell any security or any other investment strategy or service. ","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Not for Distribution or Reproduction","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"The information on this Site may not be distributed, published, or reproduced, in whole or in part, without the prior approval of TA Realty. The information provided on the Site is not intended for use or dissemination in any jurisdiction or country where such use or dissemination would violate applicable law or regulation or subject TA Realty to any unintended registration requirements.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Proprietary Information","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"The information and images on the Site are provided for your information and for non-commercial use only. All copyrights, trademarks, logos, service marks, trade names, or other intellectual property displayed on, or used in conjunction with this website are the property of TA Realty, unless otherwise specified. The information and images may not be copied, reproduced, framed-in, incorporated, modified or transmitted to any other party without the express written consent of TA Realty.","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Forward Looking Statements","marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"This Site may contain statements, estimates or projections that constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are those that predict or describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely to historical matters.  For example, forward-looking statements may predict future economic performance, describe plans and objectives of management for future operations and/or make projections of revenue, investment returns or other financial items.  Any such forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain because the matters they describe are subject to known (and unknown) risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond TA Realty’s control.  No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Actual results may be significantly different from TA Realty’s historical experience and our present expectations. TA Realty undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. ","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"heading-2","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Hyperlinking","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Refer to our ","marks":[],"data":{}},{"nodeType":"entry-hyperlink","data":{"target":{"sys":{"id":"4PzyBUIKOwwkJnTyQBJeXP","type":"Link","linkType":"Entry"}}},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Privacy Policy","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"text","value":".","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"heading-2","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Cookies","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Refer to our ","marks":[],"data":{}},{"nodeType":"entry-hyperlink","data":{"target":{"sys":{"id":"4PzyBUIKOwwkJnTyQBJeXP","type":"Link","linkType":"Entry"}}},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Privacy Policy","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"text","value":".","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"heading-2","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Privacy Policy","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"paragraph","data":{},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"TA Realty’s use of any personal data you submit to this Site is governed by the Site’s Privacy Policy. View our ","marks":[],"data":{}},{"nodeType":"entry-hyperlink","data":{"target":{"sys":{"id":"4PzyBUIKOwwkJnTyQBJeXP","type":"Link","linkType":"Entry"}}},"content":[{"nodeType":"text","value":"Privacy Policy","marks":[],"data":{}}]},{"nodeType":"text","value":".","marks":[],"data":{}}]}]}},"backgroundColor":{"en-US":"White"}}}