{"metadata":{"tags":[]},"sys":{"space":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Space","id":"eojhq1xf4v9y"}},"type":"Entry","id":"7n9BCpRsufKBZ4jWYtb4tu","contentType":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"ContentType","id":"blog"}},"revision":2,"createdAt":"2023-11-15T16:28:37.929Z","updatedAt":"2023-11-27T13:01:56.981Z","environment":{"sys":{"id":"master","type":"Link","linkType":"Environment"}}},"fields":{"title":{"en-US":"TA Realty Expands Investor Relations Capabilities "},"parentPage":{"en-US":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Entry","id":"5m7EU5dfbWwaU6NnuYv0BP"}}},"slug":{"en-US":"ta-realty-expands-investor-relations-capabilities"},"pubDate":{"en-US":"2020-02-03"},"body":{"en-US":{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[{"type":"italic"}],"value":"Former PGIM Real Estate Executive Marcus Berry Joins TA Realty as Partner and Head of Investor Relations","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[{"type":"italic"}],"value":"Senior Banking Executive Allison O’Rourke Joins Investor Relations Team as Vice President","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[{"type":"bold"}],"value":"BOSTON (February 3, 2020)","nodeType":"text"},{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":" – TA Realty LLC, a leading provider of real estate investment management services to U.S. and non-U.S. institutional investors, today announced that seasoned private equity real estate professional Marcus Berry has rejoined the firm as Partner and Head of Investor Relations. In this newly created role, Mr. Berry is responsible for supporting TA Realty’s strategic growth priorities and providing best-in-class solutions and service to the firm’s global capital relationships.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"Further enhancing its Investor Relations capabilities, TA Realty appointed seasoned banking executive Allison (Ali) O’Rourke as Vice President. In this role, Ms. O’Rourke will work closely with Mr. Berry, Tom Landry, Devin Sullivan and the rest of the Investor Relations team to broaden and strengthen the firm’s domestic and international capital partnerships and deliver deep product knowledge.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"James Buckingham, Managing Partner at TA Realty, stated, “Bolstering our Investor Relations capabilities has been a key priority as we continue to expand our investment strategies as well as our geographic footprint. As Marcus previously worked at TA Realty, we are very familiar with his impressive capabilities and are confident his experience working in a similar role at a global asset manager will ensure our clients receive best-in-class support and services. Marcus is the right person to oversee this critical function, and together with Ali, who brings to our firm a wealth of knowledge and a vast network of relationships, our Investor Relations team is well-positioned to support the firm’s continued growth.”","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"Over the past decade, TA Realty has expanded its footprint across the U.S., entered into a strategic partnership with Mitsubishi Estate Co., Ltd. and launched its core open-end strategy. Over this period, the firm has significantly grown and diversified its investor base and professional network. The strategic additions of Mr. Berry and Ms. O’Rourke align with TA Realty’s business plan and commitment to adding and cultivating exceptional talent.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"Before joining TA Realty, Mr. Berry was Principal, Executive Director at PGIM Real Estate where he represented the firm’s breadth of investment solutions including international opportunities, debt and equity. Prior to that, Mr. Berry served in a variety of roles including Vice President at TA Realty where he was involved in identifying value creation opportunities and sourcing new limited partner participation as well as a number of other important functions.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"Ms. O’Rourke comes to TA Realty from Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. where she worked across most of the bank’s business functions to enhance its capabilities and drive organic and inorganic growth. She most recently held the title of Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and led a team of 80 professionals across the Northeast. During her six years at Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Ms. O’Rourke was deeply involved in board and investor relations. Prior to her tenure at the bank, she worked at the NYSE Euronext and Goldman Sachs.  Ms. O’Rourke recently completed her M.B.A. at M.I.T.’s Sloan School of Management.","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"},{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":" Mr. Berry stated, “I have a tremendous amount for respect for TA Realty and what it has accomplished over the last 30 years.  The opportunity to help chart its next chapter of growth is what makes this position so compelling. I look forward to doing all I can to ensure clients continue to receive exceptional service and support while also working to create new relationships.”","nodeType":"text"},{"data":{},"marks":[{"type":"italic"}],"value":" ","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"}],"nodeType":"document"}},"disableBackToTop":{"en-US":false},"seo":{"en-US":{"title":{"name":"title","value":"TA Realty Expands Investor Relations Capabilities "},"description":{"name":"description","value":"Former PGIM Real Estate Executive Marcus Berry Joins TA Realty as Partner and Head of Investor Relations"}}}}}