{"metadata":{"tags":[]},"sys":{"space":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Space","id":"eojhq1xf4v9y"}},"type":"Entry","id":"ah37PbtKOAHMhxCaarMgN","contentType":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"ContentType","id":"block"}},"revision":1,"createdAt":"2023-10-24T21:07:07.486Z","updatedAt":"2023-11-22T00:09:47.180Z","environment":{"sys":{"id":"master","type":"Link","linkType":"Environment"}}},"fields":{"internalTitle":{"en-US":"Block - ESG+R - ESG Team"},"variant":{"en-US":"Content on Right"},"title":{"en-US":"Anne D. Peck, Vice President, Head of ESG+R"},"body":{"en-US":{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"content":[{"data":{},"marks":[],"value":"Anne Peck is a member of TA Realty’s portfolio management team and is responsible for overseeing the Firm's Environmental, Social, Governance and Resiliency (ESG+R) initiatives through the promotion of relevant and emerging advancements in the commercial real estate industry. Anne has more than 20 years of experience in the industry and joined TA Realty in 2021. Prior to joining the Firm, she was a Vice President, Head of the Architecture and Engineering group at AEW Capital Management, where she managed and led a group of architects and engineers who oversaw all physical, environmental, and sustainability assessments for assets and new developments. She spent 8 years as a co-chair of AEW's Sustainability Committee and helped improve their ESG+R results in 2021. Previously, Anne was a Construction Manager/OPM with Cambridge Housing Authority and a Construction Manager with Jones Lang LaSalle. She graduated from Boston University with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering and received a M.S. in Civil Engineering from Northeastern University’s College of Engineering with a focus on Construction Management. She has her LEED AP certification and has served as a member of the GRESB Benchmark committee since 2017. She is also a member of the NAREIM planning committee for the NAREIM A&E and Sustainability conferences as well as a member of NAREIM’s DEI committee. ","nodeType":"text"}],"nodeType":"paragraph"}],"nodeType":"document"}},"asset":{"en-US":{"sys":{"type":"Link","linkType":"Asset","id":"7H2RmFyJpMSEHmfHl1GNGy"}}},"backgroundColor":{"en-US":"White"},"inheritTopBGOverlap":{"en-US":false}}}