packages/graphql-contentful-core/README.md, before:

# Installation

NPM:

```bash
npm install @last-rev/graphql-contentful-core
```

Yarn:

```bash
yarn add @last-rev/graphql-contentful-core
```

# Usage

```javascript
import { getServer, getLocalizedField, getFieldDataFetcher } from '@last-rev/graphql-contentful-core';
```

# exports

## getServer

Runs the last-rev graphql server

## getLocalizedField

A utility which can be used in mappers to get the localized value of the field from the current item

## getFieldDataFetcher

A utility which returns an async function that will fetch the field data for the current field. This function will return an object with two parameters: `fieldValue`, the value of the resolved field, and `fieldName` the name of the initial field that this value came from.

# Extension file format

The extension file should be a standard javascript file which exports any of these 4 properties: `typeDefs`, `mappers`, `resolvers` and `typeMappings`.

## typeDefs

This should be a string with any additional type definitions or extensions that are different from what the CMS provides.

For example, if in your CMS, there is a type `simplePage` in which there are two single entry reference fields, but your components expect a single array of references called `content`, you might add the following to typeDefs (note, the schema type is a capitalized version of the content type ID):

```javascript
const typeDefs = `
extend type SimplePage {
  content: [Content]
}
`;

module.exports = {
  typeDefs
};
```

## mappers

Mappers are where the main extensibility of the last-rev graphql system comes into play. This is where you can map fields to other field names or display types.

Mappers are an object with three levels. The first is a set of keys of schema types. The second is displayTypes, representing what to do if a certain content type is being resolved where a different type is expected. The third level is the field names, which are the actual mappers.

A mapper can either be a string, in which case it maps the value of the named field to the keyed field name, or it can be a function that takes the standard apollo graphql [resolver arguments](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#resolver-arguments), `parent`, `args`, `context`, `info`. Please see the [below](#resolver-context) documentation to see what is available in the `context` parameter.

Additionally, if a field is being mapped to afield with a different name, adding the property `__fieldName__` to the returned object will ensure that the sidekickLookup knows the right field. For primitive types, you will have to use an object creator instead of the primitive type.

String example:

```javascript
const mappers = {
  // type
  SomeItem: {
    // display type
    SomeItem: {
      //field name
      description: 'subTitle'
    }
  }
};

module.exports = {
  mappers
};
```

In the above example, `SomeItem`, when resolved where it is expected to be `someItem`, will have a field `description` which points to the value `subTitle` of same item.

Function example: (taking the `SimplePage` example from [typeDefs](#typedefs))

```javascript
const _ = require('lodash');
const _ = require('@last-rev/graphql-contentful-core');

const mappers = {
  SimplePage: {
    SimplePage: {
      content: async (parent, _args, ctx, _info) => {
        const heroModule = getLocalizedField(parent.fields, 'hero', ctx);
        const secondaryModule = getLocalizedField(parent.fields, 'secondaryModule', ctx);
        // nothing we can do here for the sidekickLookup, since there are two fields to point back to.
        return _.compact([heroModule, secondaryModule]);
      }
    }
  }
};

module.exports = {
  mappers
};
```

Below is another example where you want to map a `SomePage` item into a `Card`, which has 3 fields, `title`, `subTitle`, `image`;

```javascript
const _ = require('lodash');
const _ = require('@last-rev/graphql-contentful-core');
const shorten = require('../utils/shorten');

const mappers = {
  SomePage: {
    Card: {
      // title field is same, so no mapping needed
      //title: 'title'
      subTitle: async (parent, _args, ctx, _info) => {
        const fieldName = 'description';
        const description = getLocalizedField(parent.fields, fieldName, ctx);
        // using string constructor in order to add __fieldName__ prop
        // this will be used by the sidekickLookupResolver to resolve the sidekickLookup for this field
        const subTitle = new String(`${shorten(description, 80)}`);
        // will ensure that the last-rev sidekick knows that this field is derived from the 'description' field
        subTitle.__fieldName__ = fieldName;
        return subTitle;
      },
      image: 'mainImage'
    }
  }
};

module.exports = {
  mappers
};
```

## resolvers

In addition to mappers, standard [Apollo Resolvers](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/) can be used. This should not be necessary in most scenarios, unless loading data from a different source.

## typeMappings

TypeMappings are a simple key value pair which map a contentTypeId from the cms, to a different typeId that is expected by the component (for example, when using a last-rev out-of-the-box component). This will affect both the generated schemas and mappers.

```javascript
const typeMappings = {
  promoCard: 'card'
};

module.exports = {
  typeMappings
};
```

In the example above, even though the content type is `promoCard`, the schema would create type `Card` and mappers would refer to this type:

```javascript
const mappers = {
  Card: {
    Card: {
      //...
    }
  }
};
```

## pathsConfigs

PathsConfigs allow you to define how a path is constructed from a specific content type. There are two ways to define these:

1. A mapping from a contentType name to a string representing the root of the path. This will append the `slug` field of the content item to the root in order to construct the path for a specific content item:

```javascript
const pathsConfigs = {
  // pageLanding item with slug="about" would render this path: "/about"
  'pageLanding': '/'
  // pageBlog item with slug="my-trip-to-italy" would render this path: "/blog/my-trip-to-italy"
  'pageBlog': '/blog'
}
```

2. The second way is to provide a function. This function takes four arguments: the content item itself, our file system loaders, the default locale, and the list of available locales. The function should return a mapping of path to content ID, or path to an object consisting of content ID and an array of blocked locales:

```javascript
// in this example, courses live at '/courses', and any topics that belong to
// those courses live under the specific course slug: '/courses/course-1/topic-1
// all topics also live at '/topics'
const pathsConfigs = {
  // this function will handle returning all the path mappings for the 'topic' content type
  topic: async (topic, loaders, defaultLocale, locales) => {
    const topicId = topic.sys.id;
    const topicSlug = get(topic, ['fields', 'slug', defaultLocale]);
    if (!topicSlug) return {};
    // all topics will have a corresponding location under '/topics'
    const mapping = {
      // for example '/topics/topic-1'
      [`/topics/${topicSlug}`]: topicId
    };
    // Here we load all courses, in order to find the topics that are listed below them
    const courses = await loaders.entriesByContentTypeLoader.load('course');
    for (const course of courses) {
      const courseSlug = get(course, ['fields', 'slug', defaultLocale]);
      if (!courseSlug) continue;
      const blockedLocales = [];
      for (const locale of locales) {
        // here we check whether the field 'topics' in the course exists for the current locale, or for the default locale
        if (!courseHasTopicForLocale(course.fields, topicId, locale, defaultLocale)) {
          // if it does not exist, push it to blockedLocales.
          // This topic will not generate a path under this course slug
          // for this locale
          blockedLocales.push(locale);
        }
      }
      if (blockedLocales.length === locales.length) {
        // all locales blocked (content not targeted), continue
        continue;
      }
      if (!blockedLocales.length) {
        // all locales are targeted, just return the ID string
        mapping[`/courses/${courseSlug}/${topicSlug}`] = topicId;
      } else {
        // some locales are blocked, return an object with the ID string
        // and the list of blockedLocales
        mapping[`/courses/${courseSlug}/${topicSlug}`] = {
          id: topicId,
          blockedLocales
        };
      }
    }
    return mapping;
  },
  // this will simply target all courses to '/courses': '/courses/course-1'
  course: '/courses'
};

const courseHasTopicForLocale = (courseFields, topicId, locale, defaultLocale) => {
  const topics = get(courseFields, ['topics', locale], get(courseFields, ['topics', defaultLocale], null));
  if (!topics) return null;
  return some(topics, (topic) => topic.sys.id === topicId);
};
```

# Resolver Context

The 3rd argument passed to resolver functions represents the [Apollo Resolver Context](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#the-context-argument). We pass a number of things to this context to be used in resolvers and mappers.

```javascript
resolve = async (_parent, args, context, info) => {
  const {
    // locale
    // after the initial root resolution, the queried locale (or the default locale
    locale,
    defaultLocale,
    loaders,
    mappers,
    typeMappings,
    pathToIdMapping
  } = context;

  // load an entry
  const id = '12345';
  const entry = await loaders.entries(id, locale);
  // load a page
  const slug = 'my-page';
  const page = await loaders.pages(slug, locale);
  // load an asset
  const asset = await loaders.assets(id);
  // find an item by path
  const mapped = pathToIdMapping[path];
  if (isString(mapped)) {
    const entry = await loaders.entries(mapped, locale);
  } else {
    const { id, blockedLocales } = mapped;
    if (blockedLocales.indexOf(locale) === -1) {
      const entry = await loaders.entries(id, locale);
    }
  }

  // if needed, mappers, and typeMappings are also available in the context
};
```

Commit message:

docs: note Sanity path unsupported (#773)

packages/graphql-contentful-core/README.md, after:

# Installation

NPM:

```bash
npm install @last-rev/graphql-contentful-core
```

Yarn:

```bash
yarn add @last-rev/graphql-contentful-core
```

# Usage

```javascript
import { getServer, getLocalizedField, getFieldDataFetcher } from '@last-rev/graphql-contentful-core';
```

# exports

## getServer

Runs the last-rev graphql server

## getLocalizedField

A utility which can be used in mappers to get the localized value of the field from the current item

## getFieldDataFetcher

A utility which returns an async function that will fetch the field data for the current field. This function will return an object with two parameters: `fieldValue`, the value of the resolved field, and `fieldName` the name of the initial field that this value came from.

# Extension file format

The extension file should be a standard javascript file which exports any of these 4 properties: `typeDefs`, `mappers`, `resolvers` and `typeMappings`.

## typeDefs

This should be a string with any additional type definitions or extensions that are different from what the CMS provides.

For example, if in your CMS, there is a type `simplePage` in which there are two single entry reference fields, but your components expect a single array of references called `content`, you might add the following to typeDefs (note, the schema type is a capitalized version of the content type ID):

```javascript
const typeDefs = `
extend type SimplePage {
  content: [Content]
}
`;

module.exports = {
  typeDefs
};
```

## mappers

Mappers are where the main extensibility of the last-rev graphql system comes into play. This is where you can map fields to other field names or display types.

Mappers are an object with three levels. The first is a set of keys of schema types. The second is displayTypes, representing what to do if a certain content type is being resolved where a different type is expected. The third level is the field names, which are the actual mappers.

A mapper can either be a string, in which case it maps the value of the named field to the keyed field name, or it can be a function that takes the standard apollo graphql [resolver arguments](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#resolver-arguments), `parent`, `args`, `context`, `info`. Please see the [below](#resolver-context) documentation to see what is available in the `context` parameter.

Additionally, if a field is being mapped to afield with a different name, adding the property `__fieldName__` to the returned object will ensure that the sidekickLookup knows the right field. For primitive types, you will have to use an object creator instead of the primitive type.

String example:

```javascript
const mappers = {
  // type
  SomeItem: {
    // display type
    SomeItem: {
      //field name
      description: 'subTitle'
    }
  }
};

module.exports = {
  mappers
};
```

In the above example, `SomeItem`, when resolved where it is expected to be `someItem`, will have a field `description` which points to the value `subTitle` of same item.

Function example: (taking the `SimplePage` example from [typeDefs](#typedefs))

```javascript
const _ = require('lodash');
const _ = require('@last-rev/graphql-contentful-core');

const mappers = {
  SimplePage: {
    SimplePage: {
      content: async (parent, _args, ctx, _info) => {
        const heroModule = getLocalizedField(parent.fields, 'hero', ctx);
        const secondaryModule = getLocalizedField(parent.fields, 'secondaryModule', ctx);
        // nothing we can do here for the sidekickLookup, since there are two fields to point back to.
        return _.compact([heroModule, secondaryModule]);
      }
    }
  }
};

module.exports = {
  mappers
};
```

Below is another example where you want to map a `SomePage` item into a `Card`, which has 3 fields, `title`, `subTitle`, `image`;

```javascript
const _ = require('lodash');
const _ = require('@last-rev/graphql-contentful-core');
const shorten = require('../utils/shorten');

const mappers = {
  SomePage: {
    Card: {
      // title field is same, so no mapping needed
      //title: 'title'
      subTitle: async (parent, _args, ctx, _info) => {
        const fieldName = 'description';
        const description = getLocalizedField(parent.fields, fieldName, ctx);
        // using string constructor in order to add __fieldName__ prop
        // this will be used by the sidekickLookupResolver to resolve the sidekickLookup for this field
        const subTitle = new String(`${shorten(description, 80)}`);
        // will ensure that the last-rev sidekick knows that this field is derived from the 'description' field
        subTitle.__fieldName__ = fieldName;
        return subTitle;
      },
      image: 'mainImage'
    }
  }
};

module.exports = {
  mappers
};
```

## resolvers

In addition to mappers, standard [Apollo Resolvers](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/) can be used. This should not be necessary in most scenarios, unless loading data from a different source.

## typeMappings

TypeMappings are a simple key value pair which map a contentTypeId from the cms, to a different typeId that is expected by the component (for example, when using a last-rev out-of-the-box component). This will affect both the generated schemas and mappers.

```javascript
const typeMappings = {
  promoCard: 'card'
};

module.exports = {
  typeMappings
};
```

In the example above, even though the content type is `promoCard`, the schema would create type `Card` and mappers would refer to this type:

```javascript
const mappers = {
  Card: {
    Card: {
      //...
    }
  }
};
```

## pathsConfigs

PathsConfigs allow you to define how a path is constructed from a specific content type. There are two ways to define these:

**Important:** When using Sanity as the CMS, path resolution is not currently supported. Any queries relying on path readers will return no results.

1. A mapping from a contentType name to a string representing the root of the path. This will append the `slug` field of the content item to the root in order to construct the path for a specific content item:

```javascript
const pathsConfigs = {
  // pageLanding item with slug="about" would render this path: "/about"
  'pageLanding': '/'
  // pageBlog item with slug="my-trip-to-italy" would render this path: "/blog/my-trip-to-italy"
  'pageBlog': '/blog'
}
```

2. The second way is to provide a function. This function takes four arguments: the content item itself, our file system loaders, the default locale, and the list of available locales. The function should return a mapping of path to content ID, or path to an object consisting of content ID and an array of blocked locales:

```javascript
// in this example, courses live at '/courses', and any topics that belong to
// those courses live under the specific course slug: '/courses/course-1/topic-1
// all topics also live at '/topics'
const pathsConfigs = {
  // this function will handle returning all the path mappings for the 'topic' content type
  topic: async (topic, loaders, defaultLocale, locales) => {
    const topicId = topic.sys.id;
    const topicSlug = get(topic, ['fields', 'slug', defaultLocale]);
    if (!topicSlug) return {};
    // all topics will have a corresponding location under '/topics'
    const mapping = {
      // for example '/topics/topic-1'
      [`/topics/${topicSlug}`]: topicId
    };
    // Here we load all courses, in order to find the topics that are listed below them
    const courses = await loaders.entriesByContentTypeLoader.load('course');
    for (const course of courses) {
      const courseSlug = get(course, ['fields', 'slug', defaultLocale]);
      if (!courseSlug) continue;
      const blockedLocales = [];
      for (const locale of locales) {
        // here we check whether the field 'topics' in the course exists for the current locale, or for the default locale
        if (!courseHasTopicForLocale(course.fields, topicId, locale, defaultLocale)) {
          // if it does not exist, push it to blockedLocales.
          // This topic will not generate a path under this course slug
          // for this locale
          blockedLocales.push(locale);
        }
      }
      if (blockedLocales.length === locales.length) {
        // all locales blocked (content not targeted), continue
        continue;
      }
      if (!blockedLocales.length) {
        // all locales are targeted, just return the ID string
        mapping[`/courses/${courseSlug}/${topicSlug}`] = topicId;
      } else {
        // some locales are blocked, return an object with the ID string
        // and the list of blockedLocales
        mapping[`/courses/${courseSlug}/${topicSlug}`] = {
          id: topicId,
          blockedLocales
        };
      }
    }
    return mapping;
  },
  // this will simply target all courses to '/courses': '/courses/course-1'
  course: '/courses'
};

const courseHasTopicForLocale = (courseFields, topicId, locale, defaultLocale) => {
  const topics = get(courseFields, ['topics', locale], get(courseFields, ['topics', defaultLocale], null));
  if (!topics) return null;
  return some(topics, (topic) => topic.sys.id === topicId);
};
```

# Resolver Context

The 3rd argument passed to resolver functions represents the [Apollo Resolver Context](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#the-context-argument). We pass a number of things to this context to be used in resolvers and mappers.

```javascript
resolve = async (_parent, args, context, info) => {
  const {
    // locale
    // after the initial root resolution, the queried locale (or the default locale
    locale,
    defaultLocale,
    loaders,
    mappers,
    typeMappings,
    pathToIdMapping
  } = context;

  // load an entry
  const id = '12345';
  const entry = await loaders.entries(id, locale);
  // load a page
  const slug = 'my-page';
  const page = await loaders.pages(slug, locale);
  // load an asset
  const asset = await loaders.assets(id);
  // find an item by path
  const mapped = pathToIdMapping[path];
  if (isString(mapped)) {
    const entry = await loaders.entries(mapped, locale);
  } else {
    const { id, blockedLocales } = mapped;
    if (blockedLocales.indexOf(locale) === -1) {
      const entry = await loaders.entries(id, locale);
    }
  }

  // if needed, mappers, and typeMappings are also available in the context
};
```
